uri,netbox: update uri.parse, netbox.connect args (#5587)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/net_box.rst

    The returned ``conn`` object supports methods for making remote requests,
    such as select, update or delete.

    :param URI: the :ref:`URI <index-uri>` of the target for the connection.
                URI may be ``string`` or ``table`` type as for :ref:`uri.parse() <uri-parse>` function.

>                 The table form is used to setup connection parameters, see :ref:`URI <index-uri>` page for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                The URI type may be ``string`` or ``table`` as for the :ref:`uri.parse() <uri-parse>` function.
                The table form is used to set up connection parameters, see the :ref:`URI <index-uri>` page for details.
```
